And finally, new rule,
and I can't believe
I'm saying this, but...
this country needs to treat
children better.
(CHUCKLES) I know,
it's crazy, right?
-(AUDIENCE LAUGHS)
-Me sticking up for kids?
It's like Mike Pence
fighting for gay adoption.
(LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE)
Even when I was a kid,
-I didn't like kids.
-(AUDIENCE LAUGHS)
I remember being
in kindergarten, thinking,
"These people are
such children."
(AUDIENCE LAUGHS)
"Why am I even here? We're--
We're drinking milk and napping,
I could be doing this at home."
(AUDIENCE LAUGHS)
But a few weeks ago, I saw
that a second-grade teacher
in Arizona
had posted her pay stub,
and it went viral.
Probably because she is one
of the people
we trust to care for
and educate our children.
-And she makes 320 bucks a week.
-LOUIE: Jesus.
We pay such lip service
to kids,
"They're the future,"
"our greatest
natural ressource,"
"We'll do anything for them."
And then, we nickel-and-dime
their teachers?
If you really think children
are our future,
shouldn't the people who mold
their minds make more
than the night manager
at Game Stop?
-(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
-LOUIE: Yeah.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
CONTINUE)
There is a revolt brewing,
in the teachers' lounge...
these days, in schools
all across this country,
and it's long overdue.
Time's Up, meet Pencils Down.
(HEATHER LAUGHS)
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
(CHUCKLES)
Teachers are tired of being told
what Sarah Palin
once said of a teacher,
that, "Her reward's in Heaven."
(HEATHER CHUCKLES)
Maybe, but the rent's
due here on Earth.
(AUDIENCE LAUGHS)
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
(CHUCKLES)
Elizabeth Milich, the teacher
who posted her pay stub,
wrote: "I buy every roll of tape
I use, every paper clip I use,
every Sharpie I grade with,
every snack I feed kids
who don't have them."
How do people,
even the burdened tax-payer,
justify this?
We were all kids once.
We remember our teachers,
you have those moments
of early learning,
imprinted in your brain,
the teacher
was your first mentor,
your first role model.
If you grew up in Florida,
your first lay.
(LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE)
(HEATHER GIGGLES)
(LOUIE SIGHS)
(AUDIENCE LAUGHS)
(CHUCKLES) In West Virginia,
where the revolt started,
teachers were just asking
for a five percent pay raise.
Not a lot.
But it helps when you have
to pay for your own paper,
your own pencils,
and now... your own bullets.
(SMACKS LIPS)
Here's an idea,
don't give the teachers guns,
give them a living wage.
-They're--
-(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
(WHISTLING)
(CHEERING CONTINUES)
They're not asking
for the world,
just enough of a raise
so they don't have
to drive an Uber,
-three nights a week.
-(HEATHER GASPS)
Teachers, it turns out,
to drive Ubers.
And work as cashiers at Hardy's
on weekends,
and sell their blood plasma
to make ends meet.
It isn't supposed to be
a side hustle, teaching.
In Kentucky,
teachers are protesting
Governor Matt Bevin's attempt
to reduce their pension fund.
Bevin said the teachers have
a, quote, "thug mentality."
(AUDIENCE GASPS)
He said, "It's about just
straight up wanting more
than your fair share."
So true, you know,
when I think "greedy,"
-the first thing
that comes to mind...
-(PANEL LAUGHS)
is a public-school teacher,
who takes the bus to work...
-(AUDIENCE LAUGHS)
...and spends her tax-free fund
on crayons.
(AUDIENCE LAUGHS)
If we really cared about kids,
would be giving them an
education secretary who needs...
(SADLY)
...to stay after class.
-(AUDIENCE LAUGHS)
-LOUIE: Yeah.
If we really cared about kids,
it wouldn't be so hard
for states...
to pass laws against
marrying them.
That's right, fun fact,
child marriage is legal
in every state.
What?
Yes. True.
In America, you don't even have
to start your own crazy religion
to have sex with children,
you can just marry them.
And that's every state, not just
the waffle house states.
(AUDIENCE LAUGHS)
LOUIE: Wow.
(LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE)
More than 200,000 children
were married in America
over the past 15 years,
some as young as ten.
-(AUDIENCE GASPS)
-In 24 states,
there is no minimum age
to marry.
It's "Me Too" for Hollywood,
but we're okay with this?
And again,
this is coming from me.
Me!
Someone who has no use
for children.
(AUDIENCE LAUGHS)
And don't even get me started
on babies,
no I don't want to hold
your little Roswell alien.
(AUDIENCE LAUGHS)
-(PANEL CHUCKLES)
-Some people call kids,
"Gifts from God,"
I call them,
"Reasons for earplugs."
(LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE)
I don't like seeing kids,
I don't like hearing kids.
-I do not like kids on a plane.
-(WOMAN LAUGHS)
-I do not like kids on a train.
-(LOUIE LAUGHS)
(AUDIENCE LAUGHS)
(LAUGHS) But as much
as I patently can't stand
to be around them,
I would rather American children
being well-educated, productive,
contributing citizens,
as opposed to what
they otherwise might become,
-useless burdens on society.
-(LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE)